Jim,

Here is a link to an article updating the status of the challenges to the TCF
vote counting process.  Wayne County Circuit Court Judge Timothy Kenney has
dismissed the Great Lakes Justice Center's law suit on the grounds that the
eyewitness reports were based on misunderstandings. He did, though, acknowledge
that one of the complaints was serious and said that the plaintiffs had other
avenues to press their complaints.

Obviously, we do not believe that our complaints should be so easily dismissed,
and here is link

https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2020/11/michigan-witness-former-state-senator-witnessed-early-morning-ballot-dump-61-boxes-tcf-center-video/

to an article about Patrick Colbeck's experiences at the TCF center.  Although
you may want to dismiss this because it comes from Gateway Pundit, I don't think
you should  easily dismiss Patrick himself

Patrick Colbeck is a serious political figure in Michigan.  He is an engineer
with a master's degree in aeronautical engineering who has worked in the aerospace
industry, including a stint as a senior design engineer for Boeing.

He entered politics in 2010, and was twice elected to the Michigan State Senate.
We in Washtenaw County met him during the 2015 debate over a road tax increase.
His position during this debate was that better use of technology could be used
to reduce the cost of road maintenace [always an issue here in Michigan] and the
state's request for more taxes to fix our roads simply was shortsighted "business
as usual" thinking.  He made entirely reasonable arguments, and the road tax
was defeated almost 4 to 1. He was term limited out of the Michigan senate in
2018, but then ran for governor in the Michigan primary election that year.  He
didn't win, but running a shoestring campaign he managed to attract more than
129,000 votes [13.1 percent] state wide You can read more about his life and
background here:  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Patrick_Colbeck
on Wikileaks.

I have checked with Patrick, and he would be happy to talk with you about his
TCF experiences if you wish to do so.  His contact information is as follows:

  